DOCSP-46795: Update LINQ/builder FAQ (#449)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/faq.txt

.. _csharp-faq-linq-vs-builder:

Should I Use LINQ, Builder Classes, or BSON Documents When Querying for Documents?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you're used to programming in {+language+}, consider using LINQ because of its similar feel
to programming in native {+language+}. If you have prior experience with other MongoDB drivers,

> consider using builder classes because of their consistency with other drivers. BSON
> documents offer the most flexibility and can be more easily translated to other programming
> languages, but are less idiomatic to {+language+} and do not check for type errors at compile time.
> 

Reviewer: [s] Suggestion to avoid passive voice:
```suggestion
consider using builder classes because of their consistency with other drivers. BSON
documents offer the most flexibility and can translate more easily to other programming
languages, but are less idiomatic to {+language+} and do not check for type errors at compile time.

```
